So, guys, now we are in a position that we can discuss the implementation of iterative macro to iterate
over all the nodes of a binary tree in in order sequence.
So you can see that following is the implementation of such a macro.
And you can see that the approach of writing and iterative macro for binary substrate is not very different
from the approach that we used for legalist.
The only difference is that that in order to begin our iteration from the first node, the pointer to
the first node is obtained using a function get left most.
This function will return a pointer to the node number one of the binary.
So three, right, because we need to begin our iteration from this node.
And in order to get the pointer to the next mode of this binary tree, we have used a function get next
in order successor.
Right.
So this function will return a pointer to the node number five of this binary so street.
So in the next iteration, the node that we're going to be processed will be the node five.
And in subsequent iteration, the nodes of this binary such tree will be processed in in the sequence.
And of course, you need to write a complementary part of this macro which will take care to balance
out the parentheses.
So simply in order to make use of this macro in your application, you simply have to initialize a pointer
which points to the node of a binary sastry and initialize this pointer to null and then make use of
this macro as follows in order to iterate over all the nodes of a binary search tree.
And in the body of this macro, you can do whatever processing you want to perform on a load of a binary
stream.
So you can see that implementation of iterative macros is nothing, but it is just a wrapper over for
loops.
We have learned in this section how to write iterative macros to iterate over standard data structures,
the standard data structures that we have covered, our linked list and trees, which are the two most
widely used data structures.
Now let us see our macro in action so you can see that I am Entwisle to attach.
Right?
And in this header file I have declared the function that leftmost as well as the function get next
in order successor.
Right.
And then in line number 32, I have to find the macro to iterate over a binary stream, right.
And we have already discussed the implementation of this macro.
Now, let me share the implementation of these two functions as well.
If for some reason you are not able to implement the logic of these two functions, then here is the
logic of this function.
So the implementation of the function get left most is fairly easy.
It should be done the first node which will encounter in the in order traversal of the binary south
stream and the next is the implementation of a function which will return the next node in the in order
to set up a binary sastry.
So again, I will not discuss the implementation or the logic behind this function, but this function
just works fine.
And using these two functions, you can implement an iterative macro over a binary such street.
So you can see that in the main function I am creating a binary substrate and then I'm adding values
in this binary sastry.
Right.
And then I'm using our iterative macro in order to iterate over all the nodes of a binary tree.
And simply within the body of this macro, I am simply printing the data that is carried by a load of
a binary sastry.
So simply I am printing the values.
So now let us see by running this code whether we print the in order traversal of this binary Sastry
correctly or not.
So you can see that we are printing all the notes of a binary tree in the street, increasing order,
we already know that in order to all of the binary Sastry, Broun's the node and the increasing order.
So it means our macro just works fine.
So, guys, in future, make a part of your life that you will iterate over a standard Aerostructures
using iterative macros.
So from now on, develop a habit of writing iterative macros in order to iterate over a standard aerostructures.